CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## Make sure it's spotless

Run `mvn spotless:apply` to fix any formatting, etc issues.

## Make sure you pass CI

If the following does not succeed, you will not pass the pull request checks.

`mvn -D enable-ci clean install site` 

## Using WireMock and Snapshots

This project has started converting to using WireMock to stub out http responses instead of use live data.
This change will allow tests to run in a CI environment without needing to touch github.com.
The tests will instead serve previously recorded responses from local data files.

### Running WireMock tests

Example:

`mvn install -Dtest=WireMockStatusReporterTest`

This the default behavior.

Example for a single test case:

`mvn install -Dtest=WireMockStatusReporterTest#user_whenProxying_AuthCorrectlyConfigured`


### Setting up credential

1. Create a "Personal access token" on https://github.com/ (`Settings` > `Developer settings` > `Personal access tokens`)
2. Set the GITHUB_OAUTH environment variable to the value of that token
3. Set the system property `test.github.useProxy` (usually like "-Dtest.github.useProxy" as a Java VM option)

    `mvn install -Dtest.github.useProxy -Dtest=WireMockStatusReporterTest`

4. The above should report no test failures and include the following console output:

    `WireMockStatusReporterTest: GitHub proxying and user auth correctly configured for user login: <your login>`

Whenever you run tests with `-Dtest.github.useProxy`, they will try to get data from local files but will fallback to proxying to GitHub if not found.

### Writing a new test

Once you have credentials setup, you add new test classes and test methods as you would normally.

#### Running tests using GitHub test proxy

Keep `useProxy` enabled and iterate on your tests as needed. With `useProxy` enabled your tests will interact with 
GitHub - you will need to clean up your server-state between runs. This can be done manually to start with.
Once your test code is somewhat stable, use `getNonRecordingGitHub()` to get a `GitHub` instance for test setup and cleanup.
Interactions with that `GitHub` instance will not be recorded as part of the test, keeping the test data files to a minimum. 

#### Running tests against your personal GitHub user account

By default, test helper methods such as `getTempRepository()` target the `hub4j-test-org` GitHub organization.
Please request access to this org to record your tests before submitting a PR.  This helps keep the project stable and nimble.
Until you have access (or if you don't want access), you can set the following additional system property to target 
your personal github account.

    `mvn install -Dtest.github.org=false -Dtest=YourTestClassName`

#### Taking a snapshot 

When you are ready to create a snapshot of your test data, run your test with `test.github.takeSnapshot`  ("-Dtest.github.takeSnapshot" as 
a Java VM option). For example:

    `mvn install -Dtest.github.takeSnapshot -Dtest.github.org=false -Dtest=YourTestClassName`

The above command will create snapshot WireMock data files under the path `src/test/resources/org/kohsuhke/github/YourTestClassName/wiremock`.
Each method will get a separate directory that will hold the data files for that test method.

Add all files including the generated data to your commit and submit a PR.

### Modifying existing tests

When modifying existing tests, you can change the stubbed WireMock data files by hand or you can try generating a new snapshot.

#### Manual editing of data (minor changes only)

If you know what data will change, it is sometimes simplest to make any required changes to the data files manually.
This can be easier if the changes are minor or when you development environment is not setup to take updated snapshots.

#### Generating a new snapshot

For more most changes, it is recommended to take a new snapshot when updating tests.
Delete the wiremock data files for the test method you will be modifying.
For more significant changes, you can even delete the WireMock files for an entire test class.
Then follow the same as when writing a new test: run with proxy enabled to debug, take a new snapshot when done, commit everything, and submit the PR.

Commit message:

Update CONTRIBUTING.md with small tips for snapshots taken from personal repository

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Make sure it's spotless

Run `mvn spotless:apply` to fix any formatting, etc issues.

## Make sure you pass CI

If the following does not succeed, you will not pass the pull request checks.

`mvn -D enable-ci clean install site` 

## Using WireMock and Snapshots

This project has started converting to using WireMock to stub out http responses instead of use live data.
This change will allow tests to run in a CI environment without needing to touch github.com.
The tests will instead serve previously recorded responses from local data files.

### Running WireMock tests

Example:

`mvn install -Dtest=WireMockStatusReporterTest`

This the default behavior.

Example for a single test case:

`mvn install -Dtest=WireMockStatusReporterTest#user_whenProxying_AuthCorrectlyConfigured`


### Setting up credential

1. Create a "Personal access token" on https://github.com/ (`Settings` > `Developer settings` > `Personal access tokens`)
2. Set the GITHUB_OAUTH environment variable to the value of that token
3. Set the system property `test.github.useProxy` (usually like "-Dtest.github.useProxy" as a Java VM option)

    `mvn install -Dtest.github.useProxy -Dtest=WireMockStatusReporterTest`

4. The above should report no test failures and include the following console output:

    `WireMockStatusReporterTest: GitHub proxying and user auth correctly configured for user login: <your login>`

Whenever you run tests with `-Dtest.github.useProxy`, they will try to get data from local files but will fallback to proxying to GitHub if not found.

### Writing a new test

Once you have credentials setup, you add new test classes and test methods as you would normally.

#### Running tests using GitHub test proxy

Keep `useProxy` enabled and iterate on your tests as needed. With `useProxy` enabled your tests will interact with 
GitHub - you will need to clean up your server-state between runs. This can be done manually to start with.
Once your test code is somewhat stable, use `getNonRecordingGitHub()` to get a `GitHub` instance for test setup and cleanup.
Interactions with that `GitHub` instance will not be recorded as part of the test, keeping the test data files to a minimum. 

#### Running tests against your personal GitHub user account

By default, test helper methods such as `getTempRepository()` target the `hub4j-test-org` GitHub organization.
Please request access to this org to record your tests before submitting a PR.  This helps keep the project stable and nimble.
Until you have access (or if you don't want access), you can set the following additional system property to target 
your personal github account.

    `mvn install -Dtest.github.org=false -Dtest=YourTestClassName`

#### Taking a snapshot 

When you are ready to create a snapshot of your test data, run your test with `test.github.takeSnapshot`  ("-Dtest.github.takeSnapshot" as 
a Java VM option). For example:

    `mvn install -Dtest.github.takeSnapshot -Dtest.github.org=false -Dtest=YourTestClassName`

The above command will create snapshot WireMock data files under the path `src/test/resources/org/kohsuhke/github/YourTestClassName/wiremock`.
Each method will get a separate directory that will hold the data files for that test method.

*Note:* if you are using personal github account don't forget to change `getTempRepository()` to `gitHub.getRepository("${your_account}/${test_method_name}")`
in order to match with snapshot file name for wiremock. To double-check run test without `-Dtest.github.org=false` flag after snapshot is saved.

Add all files including the generated data to your commit and submit a PR.

### Modifying existing tests

When modifying existing tests, you can change the stubbed WireMock data files by hand or you can try generating a new snapshot.

#### Manual editing of data (minor changes only)

If you know what data will change, it is sometimes simplest to make any required changes to the data files manually.
This can be easier if the changes are minor or when you development environment is not setup to take updated snapshots.

#### Generating a new snapshot

For more most changes, it is recommended to take a new snapshot when updating tests.
Delete the wiremock data files for the test method you will be modifying.
For more significant changes, you can even delete the WireMock files for an entire test class.
Then follow the same as when writing a new test: run with proxy enabled to debug, take a new snapshot when done, commit everything, and submit the PR.
